[Music]
i'm 22 years old
i've been an absolute show off since i
was born i was dancing before i was
walking i was on the side of the sofa
jamming to every song that came on i
just love music
hi oh
[Applause]
we couldn't help but notice you're
looking like daenerys targaryen in the
top right
where big games of thrones fans so a
little bit about that
so i was the stunt and body double for
some of the scenes and stuff in game of
thrones
jackie azuz jackie azir
and that basically means i'm always
going to protect you doris daenerys
being on set riding the dragon one of
the best experiences of my life
i'm jealous i'm lucky then who's this
little bubba in the top that is my son
yeah he's a year old this is me and my
son zion
every time i sing he's jumping up and
down singing and clapping his hand
he's given me the confidence to show
everyone what i've got
[Music]
okay rosie ready when you are
she just wants to be beautiful
she goes on notice she knows
no limit she craves
attention she praises an image she prays
to be
sculpted by the sculptor
now she don't see her lighted shining
deeper than the eyes can't find it maybe
we've made her blind so
she tries to cover up her pain
and
[Music]
you should know you're beautiful just
the way you
are you don't have to change your thing
the world should change its heart no
scars to your
beautiful with stars
[Applause]
obviously the prize of winning the
competition
is to come on tour with us it's gonna be
a huge tour thousands of fans and
gone wild and i feel like we need that
group to make everyone feel good and i
feel like that's
how you made me feel thank you so much i
felt like when i was watching you sing i
just went into like a little trance yeah
oh wow thank you i just think you like
the whole package really yeah
thank you you look like a star you sound
like a character
sound like a pop star thank you so much
you're welcome so we're going to go to a
vote
and of course no brainer to guess from
me thank you
it's an absolute yes from me oh
so you need three yeses to get into the
band room
[Music]
i don't think we're going to struggle to
put you in a group like i feel like you
could probably
go in pretty much anyone we put together
so it's a yes from me
thank you i think we know where this is
going
you got four yeses thank you
thank you congratulations
[Music]
you